CU-2ct0avn - Refactor staking (#1039)
ComposableFi/composable: frame/staking-rewards/README.md

### Staking

Assuming we have a configuration for `PICA` that allow us to stake for a month,

> we are now able to submit a `stake` extrinsic for an amount `X` with a once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we are now able to submit a `stake` extrinsic for an amount `X` with a one
```

unlock it in exchange for a fraction of the stake (configured for the staked
asset).

Assuming the penalty is defined as being `0.5`, if I staked `10_000 PICA`,
unstaking the NFT will result in a penalty of `5_000 PICA`. All harvested
rewards are still in possession of the user.

### Unstaking when the NFT has no lock duration or if the lock expired

In this canonical case, the user is able to unstake and rapatriate it's staked
asset with no penalty.

### Claiming

A user is able to claim his pending rewards at any point in time. As the
protocol is rewarding the NFT itself, all pending rewards are tied to the NFT
only. Meaning that if a user trade a NFT including pending rewards, the new
owner will be able to unlock them.

### Rewarding stakers

Any protocol is able to rewards specific asset stakers by calling
`StakingRewards::transfer_reward`. The protocol must provide the `asset` to
reward (a.k.a. fNFT minted for staking `asset`) as well as the `reward_asset`
along the `reward` amount. Depending on the pallet state, the reward will either
be stored in the `PendingEpochRewards` or `EpochRewards` storage.

### Epochs

Rewards are accumulated in epochs.

> A user is able to stake an amount to mint a fNFT, but the registration of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user is able to stake an amount to mint an fNFT, but the registration of the
```

> NFT to get rewarded will happen at the next epoch (i.e. a newly minted fNFT
> start getting rewarded at the next epoch only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An NFT will only start getting rewarded beginning with the next epoch (i.e. a newly minted fNFT
starts gathering rewards at the next epoch).
```
This could read like a new NFT (newly minted fNFT) is only rewarded once ever.
Maybe gathering isn't fitting in a technical sense though? Would appreciate some insight here.

After each epoch end, there is short period of time it takes to collect rewards
and put new fNFTs into rewarding state. Once an epoch end, the pallet will
advance in two states:
- `Rewarding`: the pallet will reward all position by folding on the fNFT over
  blocks, i.e. processing `X` distribution per block.
- `Registering`: once the `Rewarding` state is done, the pallet register new
stakers (a.k.a. fNFT created within the epoch that is currently ending). Once
the `Registering` state is done, the pallet come back to a normal
`WaitingForEpochEnd** state.

**NOTES**:
- fNFTs are protected from dillution within an epoch as the dillution is
  occuring in the above `Registering` state (a.k.a. registering new stakers).
- users are able to interact with the pallet in the `WaitingForEpochEnd` state
  only, any attempt while the pallet is `Registering` or `Rewarding` will result

>   in a `PalletIsBusy` error.

Reviewer 2: I think name `PalletIsBusy` seems like a technical detail that user's won't care about. We can name it something like `BlockedForRewardsProcessing`

Reviewer 3: A/B streams solves this nicely - it will never be busy.

Reviewer 2: What are A/B streams?

Allows to split positons without paying penalty.

> If user had fNFT with MONTH lock total, with 2 weeks already passed with 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user had an fNFT with MONTH lock total, with 2 weeks already passed with 100
```

tokens.

> It can split fNFT into several parts, examples 20, 30, 40 tokens. Each of which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can split the fNFT into several parts, examples 20, 30, 40 tokens. Each of which
```

> will be same lock duraion and time lock passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be the same lock duration and time lock passed.
```
